In this scenario, all of the files in your home directory have been encrypted. You’ll need to use Linux commands to break the Caesar cipher and decrypt the files so that you can read the hidden messages they contain.

Here’s how you’ll do this task: First, you’ll explore the contents of the home directory and read the contents of a file. Next, you’ll find a hidden file and decrypt the Caesar cipher it contains. Finally, you’ll decrypt the encrypted data file to recover your data and reveal the hidden message.
1. Use the ls command to list the files in the current working directory.
- ls
2. Use the cat command to list the contents of the README.txt file.
- cat README.txt
Output: Hello,
All of your data has been encrypted. To recover your data, you will need to solve a cipher. To get started look for a hidden file in the caesar subdirectory.

3. First, change to the caesar subdirectory of your home directory:
- cd caesar
4. List all files, including hidden files, in your home directory.
ls -a 

5. List the contents of the .leftShift3 file.
- cat .leftShift3
Output - Lq rughu wr uhfryhu brxu ilohv brx zloo qhhg wr hqwhu wkh iroorzlqj frppdqg:

rshqvvo dhv-256-fef -sengi2 -d -g -lq T1.hqfubswhg -rxw T1.uhfryhuhg -n hwwxeuxwh

Note: The message in the .leftShift3 file appears to be scrambled. This is because the data has been encrypted using a Caesar cipher. This cipher can be solved by shifting each alphabet character to the left or right by a fixed number of spaces. In this example, the shift is three letters to the left. Thus "d" stands for "a", and "e" stands for "b".

6. You can decrypt the Caesar cipher in the .leftshift3 file
- cat .leftShift3 | tr "d-za-cD-ZA-C" "a-zA-Z"

Output - In order to recover your files you will need to enter the following command:

openssl aes-256-cbc -pbkdf2 -a -d -in Q1.encrypted -out Q1.recovered -k ettubrute

7. Now, return to your home directory before completing the next task
- cd ~

8. Use the exact command revealed in the previous task to decrypt the encrypted file. 
- openssl aes-256-cbc -pbkdf2 -a -d -in Q1.encrypted -out Q1.recovered -k ettubrute

9. List the contents of the Q1.recovered file.
- cat Q1.recovered

Output: If you are able to read this, then you have successfully decrypted the classic cipher text. You recovered the encryption key that was used to encrypt this file. Great work!
